What did you say?
Say it again.
Ma'am, the government just made an announcement.
Want to turn Nam Son wasteland into a new economic zone
Now, I said it's a feng shui treasure trove.
How could this fairy bottle lie to me?
What if the government grows?
Isn't it a loss to buy at several times the price?
Yes, if you buy it at the market price, of course you can earn it.
But you've paid four or five times that price.
Isn't this a warehouse?
What if you don't calculate the price now?
Sir, the government just auctioned off a piece of land this morning.
The price has increased more than five times compared to before.
And it's still growing.
Dad, how much is this five times?
At least 50 billion.
Hey, just made so little money.
How much do I have left?
I probably don't have enough cows.
Don't worry.
I'll order a few more next month.
Ha ha ha ha ha
Right, right, right, right.
We should raise some more.
Sign up.
You are not ashamed to be my son.
That's Dad.
Because I made money.
Can I go to headquarters?
Of course.
From today on.
You are the chairman of the Tan Thi Estate.
Thank you.
That's mom.
Bet between us.
Will you take care of me for three days?